the Warriors have a two to nothing lead
in the Western Conference Finals taking
down the Rockets in Game two in a very
close game at Oracle Arena and greetings
from Texas on this friday is the
Warriors getting set for Game three and
they're getting things set up here at
the Toyota Center in Houston for
Saturday night's Game three but we
wanted to bring in just a little bit
more of the discussion after thursday
night's game 2 victory the distinction
between making the simple play and
playing as hard as you can you know gets
gets blurred you have to be able to
separate those two things you got to
compete like crazy and then you have to
take a breath and just make the simple
play and I thought we were we were so
anxious to play well and to compete you
know we righted the ship there at the
beginning of the second quarter late
first quarter early second we really had
a nice flow going Andre Iguodala had a
fantastic game Barbosa gave us good
minutes and it was really fun to see
that second group come in and play the
way we needed to play and just just move
the ball and make the simple play I got
one hundred percent confidence and my
guys to make place as we've been doing
all season and that's what's going to
continue then the playoffs obviously I
want to hopefully take a big shots down
the stretch but for us we don't force
things and we find the best shot in
every possession that's when we're at
our best so can't turn it over obviously
but be aggressive Rita defense made the
right play another big key to the game 2
victory was the play of Andrew Bogut in
the paint 14 points 8 rebounds and all
kinds of defensive intensity it was a
total reversal from Game one when the
game went small this was a more of a
street fight more of a traditional game
involving big guys protecting the rim
and hard fouls and block shots and I
thought Bogut was terrific we had a
fantastic game and
scored for us attacked the rim but his
rim protection I think he had about five
blocks that was really critical for us
tonight and again tip-off time for Game
three on Saturday night is 6 p.m.
pacific that's eight o'clock here in the
central time zone this is the NBA
playoffs on warriors TV